Add release notes for 5.0.3 (#776)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

For instructions on how to upgrade, read [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).

## Astro Runtime 5.0.3

- Release date: June 4, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.3.2

### Support for Airflow 2.3.2

> Astro Runtime 5.0.3 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.3.2, a release that follows Airflow 2.3.1 with a collection of bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime 5.0.3 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.3.2, which follows Airflow 2.3.1 and contains a collection of bug fixes.
```

Fixes include:

> - Fix grid view with removed tasks; faster grid view for large DAGs ([#23947](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/23947))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvements to the Grid view of the Airflow UI, including faster load times for large DAGs and a fix for an issue where some tasks would not render properly ([#23947](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/23947))
```

- Enable clicking on DAG owner in autocomplete dropdown ([#23804](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/23804))

> - Mask sensitive values for not-yet-running TIs ([#23807](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/23807))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mask sensitive values for task instances that are not yet running ([#23807](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/23807))
```

- Add cascade to `dag_tag` to `dag` foreign key ([#23444](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/23444))

> For more information, see the [Apache Airflow changelog](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.3.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [changelog for Apache Airflow 2.3.2](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.3.2).
```

### Additional Improvements

- Update `astronomer-providers` to v1.4.0. For more information, see the [Astronomer Providers Changelog](https://astronomer-providers.readthedocs.io/en/stable/changelog.html#id1).

> - Update `openlineage-airflow` to v0.9.0. For more information, see the [OpenLineage GitHub repository](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/tree/main/integration/airflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `openlineage-airflow` to v0.9.0. This release includes a fix for an issue present in v0.7.1, v0.8.1, and v0.8.2 where some tasks run with the Snowflake Operator would deadlock and not execute. For more information, see the [OpenLineage GitHub repository](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/tree/main/integration/airflow).
```
